Improve README docs (#38)
Enet4/dicom-rs: README.md

# DICOM-rs

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Enet4/dicom-rs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Enet4/dicom-rs)
![Minimum Rust Version Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/Minimum%20Rust%20Version-stable-green.svg)
[![dependency status](https://deps.rs/repo/github/Enet4/dicom-rs/status.svg)](https://deps.rs/repo/github/Enet4/dicom-rs)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/dicom-rs/community.svg)](https://gitter.im/dicom-rs/community?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)
[![CratesIO](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/dicom.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/dicom)
[![Documentation](https://docs.rs/dicom/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/dicom)

> An efficient and practical library for [DICOM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DICOM) compliant systems.

Reviewer: How about a link to the official website instead?
```suggestion
An efficient and practical library for [DICOM](https://dicomstandard.org) compliant systems.
```
